[Music]
Psalm 22 the chief musician a psalm of
David may the Lord answer you in the day
of trouble may the name of the God of
Jacob defend you may he send you help
from the sanctuary and strengthen you
out of Zion may he remember all your
offerings and accept your burnt
sacrifice may he grant you according to
your heart's desire and fulfill all your
purpose we will rejoice in your
salvation and in the name of our God we
will set up our banners
may the Lord fulfill all your petitions
now I know that the Lord saves his
anointed he will answer him from his
holy heaven with the saving strength of
his right hand some trust in chariots
and some in horses but we
we'll remember the name of the Lord our
God they have bowed down and fallen
but we have risen and stand upright
save Lord
Mayda king the answer us when we call
you